docs(showcase): add input and date picker component examples (#5514)
SchwarzIT/onyx: apps/showcase/content/en/components/02.form-elements/date-picker/index.md

---
title: Date picker
componentName: OnyxDatePicker
status: deprecated
---

The date picker component can be used to select a date or date-time.

## Examples

### Date

:component-example{name="Date" layout="grow"}

### Datetime

> When selecting date + time, the timezone of the users local device will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When selecting date and time, the local timezone of the user will be used.
```
